Readme changes proposal (#4121)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowe-explorer/README.md

<br>

> [Share an idea or open an issue in our Git repository](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues) to help improve Zowe Explorer or report an issue.

### Other ways to connect

- Join the **#zowe-explorer-vscode** channel on [Slack](https://openmainframeproject.slack.com/) to stay in touch with the Zowe community.
- To translate Zowe Explorer into your language, join our [POEditor project](https://poeditor.com/join/project/Siy3KCNFKk).
- For the complete Zowe Explorer documentation, see [Zowe Docs](https://docs.zowe.org/stable/user-guide/ze-install.html).

<details>
<summary><span style="font-size: 1.5em"><b>Addressing system requirements</b></span><hr></summary>

Before you use Zowe Explorer, ensure that you meet the following prerequisites:

### Client side requirements

#### Operating systems

- macOS: Only Mac operating system versions supported by Apple

- Unix-like:
  - [CentOS](https://www.centos.org/) 8+
  - [RHEL](https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/linux-platforms/enterprise-linux) 8+
  - [Ubuntu](https://ubuntu.com/) 20.04+

> - Windows: : Only Windows operating system versions supported by Microsoft

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Windows: Only Windows operating system versions supported by Microsoft
```

> All previous versions of Zowe Explorer for Visual Studio Code&trade; can be downloaded from [Zowe Explorer GitHub Releases](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/releases).

[Zowe Explorer for VS Code](https://github.com/zowe/community#zowe-explorer) provides access to mainframe resources in Visual Studio Code. Zowe Explorer provides a modern, familiar, user-friendly interface that enables mainframe developers and system programmers to:

- Manage data sets and USS files on a z/OS mainframe with browse, create, modify, rename, copy, and upload functionality
- Submit JCL and view job output
- Apply other VS Code extensions for things like syntax highlighting, debugging, and IntelliSense to improve the developer experience

> - Issue TSO, UNIX, and MVS console commands from an integrated VS Code terminal.

Reviewer 2: thanks for adding this @anaxceron just a nitpick, can this line go above the `Apply other VS Code extensions...` since this bullet point refers directly to our extension capabilities and our final bullet point in this section to be the one pointing to other extensions

<br>

> [Share an idea or open an issue in our Git repository](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues) to help improve Zowe Explorer or report an issue.

### Other ways to connect

- Join the **#zowe-explorer-vscode** channel on [Slack](https://openmainframeproject.slack.com/) to stay in touch with the Zowe community.
- To translate Zowe Explorer into your language, join our [POEditor project](https://poeditor.com/join/project/Siy3KCNFKk).
- For the complete Zowe Explorer documentation, see [Zowe Docs](https://docs.zowe.org/stable/user-guide/ze-install.html).

<details>
<summary><span style="font-size: 1.5em"><b>Addressing system requirements</b></span><hr></summary>

Before you use Zowe Explorer, ensure that you meet the following prerequisites:

### Client side requirements

#### Operating systems

- macOS

>   Note: Only Mac operating system versions supported by Apple.

Reviewer 2: could this note be included in the macOS line vs having a separate line?

- Unix-like:
  - [CentOS](https://www.centos.org/) 8+
  - [RHEL](https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/linux-platforms/enterprise-linux) 8+
  - [Ubuntu](https://ubuntu.com/) 20.04+

> - Windows 10+

Reviewer 2: to avoid having to continuously update the Windows line should we mention supported versions here as well like with macOS?

Author: done

#### Integrated development environments

- [Red Hat CodeReady Workspaces](https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/jboss-middleware/codeready-workspaces)

  Note: Secure credentials are not supported in Red Hat CodeReady Workspaces as the keyring is not unlocked by default. However, you can use the [Kubernetes Secrets plug-in for Zowe CLI or Zowe® Explorer for Kubernetes® Secrets](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-cli-secrets-for-kubernetes/blob/main/README.md) as an alternative, or you can create your own [Custom Credential Managers in Zowe Explorer and Zowe CLI](https://medium.com/zowe/custom-credential-managers-in-zowe-explorer-b37faeee4c29).

- [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) 1.90.0+

  Note: Only VS Code versions that bundle actively maintained versions of Node.js are supported.

### Server side requirements

- IBM z/OSMF is configured and running.

>   - See [z/OSMF REST services for Zowe clients](../user-guide/systemrequirements-zosmf.md#zosmf-rest-services-for-zowe-clients) for a list of services that need configuration.

Reviewer 3: This link does not work. Is this meant to be an external link to Zowe Docs?

```suggestion
  - See [z/OSMF REST services for Zowe clients](https://docs.zowe.org/stable/user-guide/systemrequirements-zosmf/#zosmf-rest-services-for-zowe-clients) for a list of services that need configuration.
```

Author: fixed, thank you!

- If using IBM CICS or IBM z/OS FTP: Applicable plug-in services are configured and running on the mainframe.

>   - Plug-ins communicate with various mainframe services. The services must be configured and running on the mainframe before issuing plug-in commands. - See [Zowe® Explorer for IBM® CICS® Transaction Server system requirements](./install-ze-extensions.md#zowe-explorer-for-ibm-cics-transaction-server-system-requirements). - See [Zowe® Explorer for IBM® z/OS® FTP system requirements](./install-ze-extensions.md#zowe-explorer-for-ibm-zos-ftp-system-requirements).

Reviewer 3: This link also does not work. I think this is meant to be a Zowe Docs external link:

```suggestion
  - Plug-ins communicate with various mainframe services. The services must be configured and running on the mainframe before issuing plug-in commands. - See [Zowe® Explorer for IBM® CICS® Transaction Server system requirements](https://docs.zowe.org/stable/getting-started/install-ze-extensions#zowe-explorer-for-ibm-cics-transaction-server-system-requirements). - See [Zowe® Explorer for IBM® z/OS® FTP system requirements](https://docs.zowe.org/stable/getting-started/install-ze-extensions#zowe-explorer-for-ibm-zos-ftp-system-requirements).
```

Author: fixed, thank you!

To update securely stored user names and passwords in Zowe Explorer:

1. Right click the applicable profile and select **Manage Profile**.
2. Select **Update Credentials** from the **Quick Pick**.

   You are prompted for the new credentials and these are saved to the secure credentials vault.

### Other authentication methods

Zowe Explorer for VS Code supports multiple authentication methods including basic authentication, multi-factor authentication, tokens, and certificates. See [Zowe Docs](https://docs.zowe.org/stable/user-guide/ze-authentication-methods) for more information about these other authentication methods.

> ### Example keyboard shortcuts

Reviewer 3: I'm in favor of removing this since there's only one shortcut listed. Users can access/configure keyboard shortcuts for Zowe Explorer through VS Code's "Keyboard Shortcuts" menu.

Author: Deleted this section

To update securely stored user names and passwords in Zowe Explorer:

1. Right click the applicable profile and select **Manage Profile**.
2. Select **Update Credentials** from the **Quick Pick**.

   You are prompted for the new credentials and these are saved to the secure credentials vault.

### Other authentication methods

Zowe Explorer for VS Code supports multiple authentication methods including basic authentication, multi-factor authentication, tokens, and certificates. See [Zowe Docs](https://docs.zowe.org/stable/user-guide/ze-authentication-methods) for more information about these other authentication methods.

> ### Keyboard shortcuts

Reviewer 4: Nitpick, could this say 'Example keyboard shortcuts'? As there are some other ones to this. And maybe that you can view and configure all shotcuts in vscode by going to the keyboard shortcuts menu via the command palette

> - Restart Zowe Explorer

Reviewer 4: I can't see this 'restart zowe explorer' shortcut in my keyboard shortcuts menu in vscode, does this still exist?

Author: Turns out it was removed in Sept. 2024. Will remove this from the shortcut list
